# W3F Open Grant Proposal

> This document will be part of the terms and conditions of your agreement and therefore needs to contain all the required information about the project. Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines! Lines starting with a `>` (such as this one) can be removed.
>
> See the [Open Grants Program Process](https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/#pencil-process) on how to submit a proposal.

* **Project Name:** CyberPunk CoinRacer
* **Team Name:** Continuum Holdings LLC
* **Payment Address:** BTC: bc1q8z42fr0ejwz9j49gr4r4yaq9kf2rd3y5n8gyrh


> ⚠️ *The combination of your GitHub account submitting the application and the payment address above will be your unique identifier during the program. Please keep them safe.*

## Project Overview :page_facing_up:

### Overview

* Star Wars Podracing meets BeatSaber in VR
* Blockchain NFTs and Electronic Dance Music. A CyberPunk Virtual Reality Racing game.

Users enter a Virtual Reality battle for cryptocurrency and NFTs. As soon as the race is complete, the winning user wins the digital pinkslip to the other users' Coinracer NFT. The Coinracer can be used to strip parts from and build a better version of their CoinRacer. 

Each user builds their own customized CoinRacer. The user also gets to design their own custom avatar suit using preset options, linking to an NFT marketplace on Polkadot. The environment is generated by AI so every time the user enters a race, the race is a never before seen course, creating a unique playing experience every time.

Each race course is randomized and unpredicatable. 

When no other users are available, the user can compete against AI at their current skill level.

Environments are on DJ mixing boards with real world elements mixed in. 

Skill level custimization for sharpness of turns and obstacles. 

Coins around the course can be collected and added to the users wallet. 

As competition gets tougher, users are awarded cryptocurrency in addition to winning the losers CoinRacer. 

Monthly competitions similar to what already exists from games like Echo VR and Blaston on Oculus Quest.


The podracers created in Quill VR and imported into Unreal Engine 5 where the procedural world and game mechanics will be created.

* Polkadot ecosytem has already created a framework to stack upon. Examples include in progress projects like Bit Country, GamePower, Xaya, Enfipy, Saito, Subgame Network, and New Omega. We wish to expand and stack on this growing ecosystem to bring more users to Polkadot. We will do this by creating in game sponsors by blockchain companies just like F1 racing by putting Blockchain Protocol brand logos on the CoinRacers to promote blockchain interopability with Polkadot's parachain ability. We are pioneering blockchain education through gaming. 


*  We believe VR in the Metaverse with the growing ecosyystem of interconnected blockchains and artificial intelligence in games is revolutionizing the way we work and play. 

Our team is dedicated to innovating within XR and blockchain. We have a depth of experience in the animation, gaming industries. We have worked on projects from The Void to futuristic race gaming to Star Wars to movies like Ice Age. We have indepth sales and marketing experience as well as the creation of real world objects into NFTs. 

We are excited to use our development and artistic expertise within 3D graphics to merge with Polkadot's technology and allow interopability between centralized, decentralized, and a distributed future of gaming. 

Unreal Engine 5 (Beta) allows for highly realistic wireless gaming. 

We see Virtual Reality as the inevitable future of work. Happiness and fun at work preceeds success in life. 

### Project Details


* Mockups/designs of any UI components

Initial VR Concept: 2 hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEIsX7Gac_4

* Data models / API specifications of the core functionality
* An overview of the technology stack to be used

* Documentation of core components, protocols, architecture, etc. to be deployed

* PoC/MVP or other relevant prior work or research on the topic

* What your project is _not_ or will _not_ provide or implement

* This is a place for you to manage expectations and to clarify any limitations that might not be obvious

### Ecosystem Fit

* Our Target Audience is Gamers on Oculus Quest who typically are also fans of Star Wars, CyberPunk 2077, Beat Saber, and Electronic Dance Music.

* What need(s) does your project meet?
Teaching Polkadot's technical ecosystem to non-developers through something a 5 year old can understand. 

* Are there any other projects similar to yours in the Substrate / Polkadot / Kusama ecosystem?

  * If so, how is your project different?

  * If not, are there similar projects in related ecosystems?

## Team :busts_in_silhouette:

### Team members

* Michael Murdock & Spencer Cook
* Garrett Hoyos, Declan Johnson, Shane Hunt, Dan Haring

### Contact

* **Contact Name:** Spencer Cook
* **Contact Email:** Spencer@thenuum.com
* **Website:** https://www.continuum-xr.com/

### Legal Structure

* **Registered Address:** 730 S Sleepy Ridge Dr. Suite 104, Orem, UT, 84058, USA
* **Registered Legal Entity:** Continuum Holdings LLC

### Team's experience

Please describe the team's relevant experience. If your project involves development work, we would appreciate it if you singled out a few interesting projects or contributions made by team members in the past. 

Blue Sky Studios - Feature Animation
General Motors Advanced Design - Racing Game Cinematic
Disney Interactive Studios - Star Wars Episode 7 
The Void - Virtual Reality Immersive Experience
NuuSkin - Marketing and CGI 
Continuum XR - Augmented and Virtual Reality, Advertising, Marketing, Consulting, Computer Graphics
AuthentiCITY VR - Virtual Reality Multisensory Experience


### Team Code Repos

* https://github.com/<your_organisation>
* https://github.com/<your_organisation>/<project_1>
* https://github.com/<your_organisation>/<project_2>

Please also provide the GitHub accounts of all team members. If they contain no activity, references to projects hosted elsewhere or live are also fine.

* https://github.com/<team_member_1>
* https://github.com/garretthoyos

### Team LinkedIn Profiles (if available)

* https://www.linkedin.com/in/murdockmotion/
* https://www.linkedin.com/in/spencerjcook/
* https://www.linkedin.com/in/garretthoyos/
* https://www.linkedin.com/in/declan-johnson-08623a1a1/
* https://www.linkedin.com/in/shane-hunt-538409a/

## Development Status :open_book:

If you've already started implementing your project or it is part of a larger repository, please provide a link and a description of the code here. In any case, please provide some documentation on the research and other work you have conducted before applying. This could be:


* references to conversations you might have had related to this project with anyone from the Web3 Foundation,

* previous interface iterations, such as mock-ups and wireframes.

## Development Roadmap :nut_and_bolt:

This section should break the development roadmap down into milestones and deliverables. Since these will be part of the agreement, it helps to describe _the functionality we should expect in as much detail as possible_, plus how we can verify and test that functionality. Whenever milestones are delivered, we refer to this document to ensure that everything has been delivered as expected.

Below we provide an **example roadmap**. In the descriptions, it should be clear how your project is related to Substrate, Kusama or Polkadot. 

We _recommend_ that the scope of the work can fit within a three-month period and that teams structure their roadmap as 1 milestone ≈ 1 month.

For each milestone,

* make sure to include a specification of your software. _Treat it as a contract_; the level of detail must be enough to later verify that the software meets the specification.
To assist you in defining it, we have created a document with examples for some grant categories [here](../src/grant_guidelines_per_category.md).
* include the amount of funding requested _per milestone_.
* include documentation (tutorials, API specifications, architecture diagrams, whatever is appropriate) in each milestone. This ensures that the code can be widely used by the community.
* provide a test suite, comprising unit and integration tests, along with a guide on how to set up and run them.
* commit to providing Dockerfiles for the delivery of your project.
* indicate milestone duration as well as number of full-time employees working on each milestone.
* **Deliverables 0a-0d are mandatory for all milestones**, and deliverable 0e at least for the last one. If you do not intend to deliver one of these, please state a reason in its specification (e.g. Milestone X is research oriented and as such there is no code to test).

> :zap: If any of your deliverables is based on somebody else's work, make sure you work and publish _under the terms of the license_ of the respective project and that you **highlight this fact in your milestone documentation** and in the source code if applicable! **Teams that submit others' work without attributing it will be immediately terminated.**

### Overview

* **Total Estimated Duration:** Duration of the whole project (e.g. 2 months)
* **Full-Time Equivalent (FTE):**  Average number of full-time employees working on the project throughout its duration (see [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Full-time_equivalent), e.g. 2 FTE)
* **Total Costs:** Amount of payment in USD for the whole project. The total amount of funding _needs to be below $30k for initial grants_ and $100k for follow-up grants. (e.g. 12,000 USD). This and the costs for each milestone need to be in USD; if the grant is paid out in Bitcoin, the amount will be calculated according to the exchange rate at the time of payment.

### Milestone 1 Example — Implement Substrate Modules

* **Estimated duration:** 1 month
* **FTE:**  2
* **Costs:** 8,000 USD

| Number | Deliverable | Specification |
| -----: | ----------- | ------------- |
| 0a. | License | Apache 2.0 / GPLv3 / MIT / Unlicense |
| 0b. | Documentation | We will provide both **inline documentation** of the code and a basic **tutorial** that explains how a user can (for example) spin up one of our Substrate nodes and send test transactions, which will show how the new functionality works. |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | Core functions will be fully covered by unit tests to ensure functionality and robustness. In the guide, we will describe how to run these tests. |
| 0d. | Docker | We will provide a Dockerfile(s) that can be used to test all the functionality delivered with this milestone. |
| 0e. | Article | We will publish an **article**/workshop that explains [...] (what was done/achieved as part of the grant). (Content, language and medium should reflect your target audience described above.)
| 1. | Substrate module: X | We will create a Substrate module that will... (Please list the functionality that will be implemented for the first milestone) |  
| 2. | Substrate module: Y | We will create a Substrate module that will... |  
| 3. | Substrate module: Z | We will create a Substrate module that will... |  
| 4. | Substrate chain | Modules X, Y & Z of our custom chain will interact in such a way... (Please describe the deliverable here as detailed as possible) |  


### Milestone 2 Example — Additional features

* **Estimated Duration:** 1 month
* **FTE:**  1
* **Costs:** 4,000 USD

...

## Future Plans

Please include here

* how you intend to use, enhance, promote and support your project in the short term, and
* the team's long-term plans and intentions in relation to it.


## Additional Information :heavy_plus_sign:

The team member heading this project met an intern from Web3 Foundation and became very interested in Polkadot's ecosystem initially as an investment, but when there wasn't an easy way to purchase DOT he went down the rabbit hole and found Substrate and Kusama and how it was the inevitable future of the blockchain's interopability to build a distributed metaverse.

* Portfolio and projects by team members outside of company
* https://garretthoyos.com/
* https://www.murdockmotion.com/
* https://www.shanehuntart.com/